notes/step_Pending.md, before:

Input
- items can be divided by groups
- Input Array with types recognized
- Input Struct with types recognized
- string to be shown as a link with meta data
- string to have preview if an image
  - bytes to upload file
- how to delete a specific item in input
- address dropdown should show ens name
- address dropdown should allow typing ens name 

naviation
- command+K to jump between functions

Output
- DropDown to format number to custom units where uints are provided
- show last ran on, on each function
- when via metamask, show block number
- look in to showing status
- show transaction started, pending, finished toast.
- address should ens name 
- output time & date option should have utc & local

Navigation
- search box to navigate contracts & their functions
- keyboard shortcut to open that search box

3 things
- contract interaction
- transaction history, these are all previous interactions we have had 
  - clicking on old transaction, brings that contract/function in view & populates it & indicates that they need to execute it. it also removes old response.
  - be able to type in any transaction hash and shows its data, with ability to trace, inspec etc.
- it also has transaction hash so that can be searched on.
- events - these are all events we listen for, and they show up

recipies
- create a recipie
- add new transactions to recipe (can be accross multiple contracts)
- add old transactions to recipe (picked from transaction history) 
- re-order them
- execute entire recipe

search box
- searches contract names & functions
- on click scrolls & brings that contract/function in view
- look in to algolia

Input & Output
- anything which can be collapsed, should be collapsed by default
- button to expand
- row level button toggle expand & collapse of all inputs and outputs
- look at `decimals` to build specific conversions
  - use in USDC conversion
  - tooltips for outputs
  - labels for options

wallet
- inject any wallet using private key
- inject any wallet via mnemonic & index
- show latest balance by block
  - look in to eth-hooks
- transfer eth from one account to another
- add refresh to re-read balance
- auto read balance every block
- option to poll & refetch latest ballance
  - this way if an external tx changed it, we get updated
- add address by key
- add addresses by mnemonic

- file setup
  - read ABI from etherscan
  - allow manual entry of ABI
  - preview of uploaded file
  - be able manually add contract name
  - show abi missing/found icon
  - capture pure ABI files with just abi array
  - show last read on
  - instead of delete, we have disable enable
    - so if a re-read reads again, processes it as it has updated it wont enable it, if already disabled
  - see & edit ABI of a contract
    - currently we have to delete and re-add the contract
  
- outputs
  - in gas conversion allow user to customize price of token
  - in gas conversion allow use to add a token
  - if string, then check for base64 encoded data pointing to json or image etc.

- refactor
  - contract function, each function should have its state in its own component
  - put all addresses, contract addresses, output addresses etc. together in with one reducer
  - customAddress, OutputAddress & ImpersonatedAddress to be made by a common hook

- question
  - should it copy value being displayed or the source value. 
    - e.g if source value is X, then you change display to USD and now display value is Y.
    - what should be copied when looking at Y?

- execute
  - callStatic to check if will succeed or not without running it
  - estimateGas to get gas without state change

- reload
  - show last load time
  - indicate that in process of reloading UI

# refactoring
- dont store localProvider, instead just URL & isRPCValid
  - now we can reprocess it, and if it was present before, and present again, then it wont cause a re-render
  - therefore we can just keep reprocessing periodically
  - keep rpcURL & chainId & name all as simple primitives
  - in our code we will build the provider object as needed `new ethers.providers.JsonRpcProvider(rpcUrl);`
  - solves the problem of us showing green when RPC has disappeared
  - periodically check for contracts presence
    - check box next to address should go from green to red when contract dissapears and vice-versa
- show blocking modal when RPC not found
  - periodically reprocess RPC
  - if RPC changed, then also reprocess file
  - if RPC changed, then also check if contracts exist or not
  - when not found ask to either enter RPC or connect to metamask
- move outputAddresses & its setter to separate context provider
  - this way adding a new address does not update the entire globalContext
  - only dropdowns which use this new context will be updated
- `InputArrayContainer` should not keep its own state, but use what is passed in.
- We have 3 places with files
  - we have resources with file objects,
  - then we have contracts which are from those files
  - and then we have fileMd5Checksums for those files
  - Lets combine all this
  - so if we remove a file, then its contracts go away
  - also the md5 goes away
- removing directory/file should remove contracts we got from that file.
- refactor reducer for contracts to be a reducer for each object, and then giant reducer for hash

# performance
- don't use input boxes for displaying output
  - this will make re-rendering lighter
  - now when no data we just see labels
  - when there is data we see labels, values & conversion dropdown
  - clearing output makes all values go away, we now just see labels
- inputs which are tuples should be collapsed on start
  - tuples should have button "expand tuple"
  - if array has tuple, should add tuple expanded
- store hash of abi in common place, so it doesn't have to recaculate everytime it is rendered
- dont sort functions in render

# issues
- changing address in metamask is sending us to setup page
  - changing address does reconnect to wallet which sets up new Provider
  - since new provider it removes all old contracts and adds them again
  - this causes sending to setup page
  - this also causes fetching new chainAddresses
- support multiple toats for transactions
  - need to track each ref per click

# ui
- balance input box should be dynamiclly sized
- show which chain connected to icon like polygon, etherscan etc.
- the table is when overlflows is growing only on the right
  - can we use flex or grid 
  - shoud stay in center and then grow together
  - or Hstack with table in center and we can take full space
  - then table inputs needs to take fixed space
  - we want the table to start with the width it takes, and then grow, but input boxes are 100% unless we tell them their size. so size should be 400px when blank, else auto, i.e. 100%
  - try setting width on td to sm, md, lg based on size of screen
- allow inputs can become small when on small width
- for inputs remove placeholders to show type and move that to place holder when on small
- 

# features
- detect proxy contract & get implementation address
  - should work on proxy contracts
- when not polling, still poll & show a notification on the reload button of how many changes pending
- can we show console.logs in UI
  - check for events on the console contract and get data from there
- ui notification saying that code has been updated. should say that X number of functions added, Y number removed & Z changed.
- for hardhat addresses use label saying Hardhat address 0-20
- for impersonated addresses & output addresses do ens lookup and show picture
- if a verb, then sibblings are past, present & future
  - plural should match singular, so teeth & tooth should be grouped together
- implement hardhat helpers
  - move time forward
  - move time backward
  - show time
  - mine blocks
  - take snapshot / restore snapshot
  - https://hardhat.org/hardhat-network/docs/reference
- set hardhat gas price from what it learns
- expose all hardhat functions
  - can we fork chain from UI using hardhat functions
  - make snapshots, save & restore
- expose all evm functions
- auto add any contract on uniswap
- get money of any token on uniswap
- add custom contracts you want to fetch
- add custom tokens you want to fetch
- see mempool
- miner gas payment
- can we show code inline
- can we show natspec inline
- get code from transaction
- think, how can we tie this transaction to an outside event and fire it
- build UI to visualize and query contracts storage.
  - add 
  - save
  - query entire map & show all data
- print/cia file/video summary of what you did. (cia stands for contract interaction file)
  - this is customizable
  - it shows the transactions with inputs & outputs
- create the concept of cia file, like json.
  - it has name of functions, inputs & outputs
  - it has order
  - it has feeding
- allow setting gas base price etc. which is useful when working with production contracts
- research what flashbots nice to have features can be built
- allow user to specify which chain to read contracts for
  - so when inputting a file, they want to read contracts deployed to to chain 1234(ganache gui chain) but their ganache ui is behing the scenes using ganache which is at 1337
- needs to be a way to refresh found icon on contracts
  - maybe read again should do it
  - or tapping on the icon should make it look again
  - currently having to refresh app
- where showing input, show the actual code
  - this is just wrapping the obj with a call to the function
  - make this an option so later we can make it an item in settings 
  - *bonus* allow user to change the input in the code too.
- growl plugin to show compile error from anvil, truffle & hardhat
  - I can tee the value to the growl app. then still print to screen 
  - app can parse and do growl if compiling failed
  - another way is to write output to file
  - then app runs, prints file content back to screen
  - it also parses input and growl as necessary
- keyboard shortcuts to run anything 
  - hold down control and it shows shortcut keys everwhere, like control + 1 for first function
  - run the shortcut to run that function
  - up down arrows to go between functions
  - left right arrows to go between columns
- add ability to stop impersonating
  - this is important, coz if we impersonate a contract, then we can't call functions of that contract till we stop impersonating it 
- allow sharing, this makes it compete with etherscan
  - put address & network in URL
  - when loading use address & network to build UI
    - this will make sharing work, when network is all but local/private testnet
  - build share icon where you can select which contracts & functions to share
    - also provide iframe widget, so shared link can be composed inside a blog
    - shared link / app should work inside iframe
- put drop down of networks, so they can select mainnet, goerli, polygon etc.
  - they can also enter custom url
- inform the user what contracts we read, ignored etc., this way they can fix or triage why their contracts are not being read or why the wrong contracts are being read.
- in settings allow user to select what kind of files we should parse
  - e.g. don't parse abi file with
  - allow adding own exclude list. you may want to exclude oz, build, build-info etc., .env file 
- be able to parse files where the chain name is in the name of the file e.g. `mumbai_auction.json`
- add presets for abi like erc20, 721 etc.
- make sync be one button
  - opens a modal, where it explains what is needed
  - then user can pick sync directory or file
- make connect one button
  - user hits connect to get started
  - opens a modal, where we explain what is needed
  - then user picks RPC or metamask
- hardhat plugin
  - so they can call a function after deploy.
    - and then we get the address & abi
    - function can write to a server
    - or function can write to disk
    - think on what's easiest
  - could be a save-address-and-abi plugin
    - just saves address-and-abi
# bugs
- display Number should not say Eth, but say 10^18 etc.
  - for example output of Dai should say 55 Million Dai, not 55 Million Eth
  - for usdc, it should say assuming the input is Wei, then using Eth/Usdc price, this is USDC: X
- why is polling making USDC & DAI slow?
- current on every poll we check chain if contracts exist
- and then we update the state with their "found" value
- this causes slowness as DOM is changing
- Long term fix: have separate poll for contract "found" check
  - this poll should do slowly
  - should requests to check in parallel for every contract
  - handle any failed requests
  - should not change state when values have not changing
- show the events which come from calling a function, but belong to another contract which was called
  - e.g. we call setName -> usdc.transfer
  - we need to get the event ABI from the contract which was called
  - and there is no event name & args on `receipt.event`, so we need to figure those out from `logs` etc.
- populate the input fields & function selection from a previous transaction
  - be able to repeat a previous tx faster
  - select previous tx as template, modify and repeat
  - name that tx something, so it can be repeated
# growth
- setup goerli validator, get goerli eth & setup faucet to get eyeballs

# reported bugs
- Formatting isn't great on smaller desktop devices which makes it difficult for me to be able to interact with your application

# content
- do something with flashbots
- do something with chainlink
- do something with zkSync

Commit message:

fixed bug where md5 cache of files i directory was not being removed
now deleting a directory causes its cache to go away, so adding it back will cause it files to be re-read

notes/step_Pending.md, after:

Input
- items can be divided by groups
- Input Array with types recognized
- Input Struct with types recognized
- string to be shown as a link with meta data
- string to have preview if an image
  - bytes to upload file
- how to delete a specific item in input
- address dropdown should show ens name
- address dropdown should allow typing ens name 

naviation
- command+K to jump between functions

Output
- DropDown to format number to custom units where uints are provided
- show last ran on, on each function
- when via metamask, show block number
- look in to showing status
- show transaction started, pending, finished toast.
- address should ens name 
- output time & date option should have utc & local

Navigation
- search box to navigate contracts & their functions
- keyboard shortcut to open that search box

3 things
- contract interaction
- transaction history, these are all previous interactions we have had 
  - clicking on old transaction, brings that contract/function in view & populates it & indicates that they need to execute it. it also removes old response.
  - be able to type in any transaction hash and shows its data, with ability to trace, inspec etc.
- it also has transaction hash so that can be searched on.
- events - these are all events we listen for, and they show up

recipies
- create a recipie
- add new transactions to recipe (can be accross multiple contracts)
- add old transactions to recipe (picked from transaction history) 
- re-order them
- execute entire recipe

search box
- searches contract names & functions
- on click scrolls & brings that contract/function in view
- look in to algolia

Input & Output
- anything which can be collapsed, should be collapsed by default
- button to expand
- row level button toggle expand & collapse of all inputs and outputs
- look at `decimals` to build specific conversions
  - use in USDC conversion
  - tooltips for outputs
  - labels for options

wallet
- inject any wallet using private key
- inject any wallet via mnemonic & index
- show latest balance by block
  - look in to eth-hooks
- transfer eth from one account to another
- add refresh to re-read balance
- auto read balance every block
- option to poll & refetch latest ballance
  - this way if an external tx changed it, we get updated
- add address by key
- add addresses by mnemonic

- file setup
  - read ABI from etherscan
  - allow manual entry of ABI
  - preview of uploaded file
  - be able manually add contract name
  - show abi missing/found icon
  - capture pure ABI files with just abi array
  - show last read on
  - instead of delete, we have disable enable
    - so if a re-read reads again, processes it as it has updated it wont enable it, if already disabled
  - see & edit ABI of a contract
    - currently we have to delete and re-add the contract
  
- outputs
  - in gas conversion allow user to customize price of token
  - in gas conversion allow use to add a token
  - if string, then check for base64 encoded data pointing to json or image etc.

- refactor
  - contract function, each function should have its state in its own component
  - put all addresses, contract addresses, output addresses etc. together in with one reducer
  - customAddress, OutputAddress & ImpersonatedAddress to be made by a common hook

- question
  - should it copy value being displayed or the source value. 
    - e.g if source value is X, then you change display to USD and now display value is Y.
    - what should be copied when looking at Y?

- execute
  - callStatic to check if will succeed or not without running it
  - estimateGas to get gas without state change

- reload
  - show last load time
  - indicate that in process of reloading UI

# refactoring
- dont store localProvider, instead just URL & isRPCValid
  - now we can reprocess it, and if it was present before, and present again, then it wont cause a re-render
  - therefore we can just keep reprocessing periodically
  - keep rpcURL & chainId & name all as simple primitives
  - in our code we will build the provider object as needed `new ethers.providers.JsonRpcProvider(rpcUrl);`
  - solves the problem of us showing green when RPC has disappeared
  - periodically check for contracts presence
    - check box next to address should go from green to red when contract dissapears and vice-versa
- show blocking modal when RPC not found
  - periodically reprocess RPC
  - if RPC changed, then also reprocess file
  - if RPC changed, then also check if contracts exist or not
  - when not found ask to either enter RPC or connect to metamask
- move outputAddresses & its setter to separate context provider
  - this way adding a new address does not update the entire globalContext
  - only dropdowns which use this new context will be updated
- `InputArrayContainer` should not keep its own state, but use what is passed in.
- We have 3 places with files
  - we have resources with file objects,
  - then we have contracts which are from those files
  - and then we have fileMd5Checksums for those files
  - Lets combine all this
  - so if we remove a file, then its contracts go away
  - also the md5 goes away
- removing directory/file should remove contracts we got from that file.
- refactor reducer for contracts to be a reducer for each object, and then giant reducer for hash

# performance
- don't use input boxes for displaying output
  - this will make re-rendering lighter
  - now when no data we just see labels
  - when there is data we see labels, values & conversion dropdown
  - clearing output makes all values go away, we now just see labels
- inputs which are tuples should be collapsed on start
  - tuples should have button "expand tuple"
  - if array has tuple, should add tuple expanded
- store hash of abi in common place, so it doesn't have to recaculate everytime it is rendered
- dont sort functions in render

# issues
- changing address in metamask is sending us to setup page
  - changing address does reconnect to wallet which sets up new Provider
  - since new provider it removes all old contracts and adds them again
  - this causes sending to setup page
  - this also causes fetching new chainAddresses
- support multiple toats for transactions
  - need to track each ref per click

# ui
- balance input box should be dynamiclly sized
- show which chain connected to icon like polygon, etherscan etc.
- the table is when overlflows is growing only on the right
  - can we use flex or grid 
  - shoud stay in center and then grow together
  - or Hstack with table in center and we can take full space
  - then table inputs needs to take fixed space
  - we want the table to start with the width it takes, and then grow, but input boxes are 100% unless we tell them their size. so size should be 400px when blank, else auto, i.e. 100%
  - try setting width on td to sm, md, lg based on size of screen
- allow inputs can become small when on small width
- for inputs remove placeholders to show type and move that to place holder when on small
- 

# features
- detect proxy contract & get implementation address
  - should work on proxy contracts
- when not polling, still poll & show a notification on the reload button of how many changes pending
- can we show console.logs in UI
  - check for events on the console contract and get data from there
- ui notification saying that code has been updated. should say that X number of functions added, Y number removed & Z changed.
- for hardhat addresses use label saying Hardhat address 0-20
- for impersonated addresses & output addresses do ens lookup and show picture
- if a verb, then sibblings are past, present & future
  - plural should match singular, so teeth & tooth should be grouped together
- implement hardhat helpers
  - move time forward
  - move time backward
  - show time
  - mine blocks
  - take snapshot / restore snapshot
  - https://hardhat.org/hardhat-network/docs/reference
- set hardhat gas price from what it learns
- expose all hardhat functions
  - can we fork chain from UI using hardhat functions
  - make snapshots, save & restore
- expose all evm functions
- auto add any contract on uniswap
- get money of any token on uniswap
- add custom contracts you want to fetch
- add custom tokens you want to fetch
- see mempool
- miner gas payment
- can we show code inline
- can we show natspec inline
- get code from transaction
- think, how can we tie this transaction to an outside event and fire it
- build UI to visualize and query contracts storage.
  - add 
  - save
  - query entire map & show all data
- print/cia file/video summary of what you did. (cia stands for contract interaction file)
  - this is customizable
  - it shows the transactions with inputs & outputs
- create the concept of cia file, like json.
  - it has name of functions, inputs & outputs
  - it has order
  - it has feeding
- allow setting gas base price etc. which is useful when working with production contracts
- research what flashbots nice to have features can be built
- allow user to specify which chain to read contracts for
  - so when inputting a file, they want to read contracts deployed to to chain 1234(ganache gui chain) but their ganache ui is behing the scenes using ganache which is at 1337
- needs to be a way to refresh found icon on contracts
  - maybe read again should do it
  - or tapping on the icon should make it look again
  - currently having to refresh app
- where showing input, show the actual code
  - this is just wrapping the obj with a call to the function
  - make this an option so later we can make it an item in settings 
  - *bonus* allow user to change the input in the code too.
- growl plugin to show compile error from anvil, truffle & hardhat
  - I can tee the value to the growl app. then still print to screen 
  - app can parse and do growl if compiling failed
  - another way is to write output to file
  - then app runs, prints file content back to screen
  - it also parses input and growl as necessary
- keyboard shortcuts to run anything 
  - hold down control and it shows shortcut keys everwhere, like control + 1 for first function
  - run the shortcut to run that function
  - up down arrows to go between functions
  - left right arrows to go between columns
- add ability to stop impersonating
  - this is important, coz if we impersonate a contract, then we can't call functions of that contract till we stop impersonating it 
- allow sharing, this makes it compete with etherscan
  - put address & network in URL
  - when loading use address & network to build UI
    - this will make sharing work, when network is all but local/private testnet
  - build share icon where you can select which contracts & functions to share
    - also provide iframe widget, so shared link can be composed inside a blog
    - shared link / app should work inside iframe
- put drop down of networks, so they can select mainnet, goerli, polygon etc.
  - they can also enter custom url
- inform the user what contracts we read, ignored etc., this way they can fix or triage why their contracts are not being read or why the wrong contracts are being read.
- in settings allow user to select what kind of files we should parse
  - e.g. don't parse abi file with
  - allow adding own exclude list. you may want to exclude oz, build, build-info etc., .env file 
- be able to parse files where the chain name is in the name of the file e.g. `mumbai_auction.json`
- add presets for abi like erc20, 721 etc.
- make sync be one button
  - opens a modal, where it explains what is needed
  - then user can pick sync directory or file
- make connect one button
  - user hits connect to get started
  - opens a modal, where we explain what is needed
  - then user picks RPC or metamask
- hardhat plugin
  - so they can call a function after deploy.
    - and then we get the address & abi
    - function can write to a server
    - or function can write to disk
    - think on what's easiest
  - could be a save-address-and-abi plugin
    - just saves address-and-abi
- separate screen to visualize the contract
  - Create bubbles for all inputs & outputs
  - connects them via lines
  - size or color shade is dependent on the number of lines/complexities etc.
  - click in to a bubble, read the code, interact with it, 
  - from one bubble, then navigate to a connected function's bubble
  - or go to another disconnected bubble
  - one bubble per function so we should see lots of function bubles all using same modifier

# bugs
- display Number should not say Eth, but say 10^18 etc.
  - for example output of Dai should say 55 Million Dai, not 55 Million Eth
  - for usdc, it should say assuming the input is Wei, then using Eth/Usdc price, this is USDC: X
- why is polling making USDC & DAI slow?
- current on every poll we check chain if contracts exist
- and then we update the state with their "found" value
- this causes slowness as DOM is changing
- Long term fix: have separate poll for contract "found" check
  - this poll should do slowly
  - should requests to check in parallel for every contract
  - handle any failed requests
  - should not change state when values have not changing
- show the events which come from calling a function, but belong to another contract which was called
  - e.g. we call setName -> usdc.transfer
  - we need to get the event ABI from the contract which was called
  - and there is no event name & args on `receipt.event`, so we need to figure those out from `logs` etc.
- populate the input fields & function selection from a previous transaction
  - be able to repeat a previous tx faster
  - select previous tx as template, modify and repeat
  - name that tx something, so it can be repeated
# growth
- setup goerli validator, get goerli eth & setup faucet to get eyeballs

# reported bugs
- Formatting isn't great on smaller desktop devices which makes it difficult for me to be able to interact with your application

# content
- do something with flashbots
- do something with chainlink
- do something with zkSync
